# The Fall Of Nasruk

The desert of Nasruk is an inhospitable place. The sun beats down on arid sands, long since devoid of the moisture necessary for life. This ruinous place was once the seat of a great kingdom, however. It was once lush and arable, much like its neighbouring Kashar is today. What happened to turn it into the wasteland it is today? Hubris.

The humans of Nasruk were an industrious people, the land was littered with great monuments and bustling mercantile cities. Above all they venerated the fey of the sky, whom they called Qal'Urun (ð¤’ð¤‹'ð¤ð¤“ð¤ in Nasruki) and worshipped as supreme over all other fey and daemons, even galactic fey. In His honour, they constructed a mighty tower, taller than any seen before or since. The zenith of this tower reached above the clouds, so tall that it could be seen from space. This tiny spec poking out of the planet's atmosphere angered the sun fey, to whom Iuncterra was a minor satellite and the terrestrial fey are as ants. The vengeful god smote the city, sending a great fire which burned and burned, unable to be put out by any means, physical or magical. The fire only ceased to burn once all of Nasruk was ash and there was nothing left to burn.

Iuncterra turned on its very axis that day, shifting its equator northwards to transform the charred lands to the desert we now know. Those who survived the destruction fled south, to what is now Kashar; as these formerly arid lands were now lush thanks to the equatorial shift. They were rewarded by their god for their peity, transforming them in His own image into what we now call Loxodon. 

> #### Note
> The [aarakocra](/lore/species/aarakocra.md) tell a different story of how Loxodon came to be. They tell of Naosra, an aarakocra who was punished by Amun for flying too high. Amun burned off his wings and feathers, causing him to crash to the ground, shattering his beak into a limp mass of flesh. This is how aarakocra believe the Loxodon came into being. Given the similarity between stories, it is most likely that the aarakocran version is a retelling of the fall of nasruk as a parable, altered to fit aarakocran values.